docs(mc-html-template): add docs for placeholders (#1386)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/deployment/runtime-configuration.mdx

}
```

> Lastly, any envrionment configuration JSON file can contain placeholders for environment variables. This can be useful to avoid duplication between various `env.json` files for multiple different environments. Placeholders are specified with an expansion like syntax `${}` while additionally prefixing the environment variable name with `env:`.

Author: Public docs.

Reviewer: I like that we are using a placeholder instead of multiple env.json files which can get out of sync with each other more easily than the approach you picked here. nice!

> Imagine needing various `env.json` files which differ only in the `MC_API_URL` for three deployments of the Custom Application. We can use the `${env:MC_API_URL}` placeholder within the `env.json` to avoid needing various environment configuration files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instance, imagine developing a Custom Application that can be used in the commercetools platform Europe region and North America region. We can assign the `${env:MC_API_URL}` reference to the field `mcApiUrl` and pass the actual value using environment variables.
```

```json
{

>   "CDN_URL": "https://bucket.com",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "cdnUrl": "https://bucket.com",
```

>   "MC_API_URL": "${env:MC_API_URL}"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "mcApiUrl": "${env:MC_API_URL}"
```

}
```

> The `MC_API_URL` placeholder can then be filled in various ways. For instance with a run script in a `package.json` as `MC_API_URL=https://mc-api.commercetools.com yarn start` or via a [dotenv](https://github.com/motdotla/dotenv)-file which is sourced before starting the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `MC_API_URL` environment variable can be provided in various ways. For example as an inline environment variable when running a script command (`MC_API_URL=https://mc-api.commercetools.com yarn start`), using a [dotenv](https://github.com/motdotla/dotenv) file or by defining the environment variables in your CI service.

<Info>

You can also pass multiple references to the same value

  key: "https://mc-api.${env:CTP_REGION}.${env.CTP_CLOUD_REGION}.commercetools.com"

</Info>
```

Reviewer 2: Can we also keep the `<Info>` part?

Author: Ah missed this or it updated in the review: d57b590.

}
```

## Using environment variables

> Values in an environment configuration JSON file can contain references to environment variables. This can be useful to avoid duplication between various `env.json` files for multiple different environments. References are specified with a special expansion like syntax `${}` while additionally prefixing the environment variable name with `env:`.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I feel that this paragraph is still a bit confusing for users that do not know what this is. In my suggestion I basically took what was in the Prisma docs, as it's short and clear. Also the use case is explained below, we don't need to mention it here ("_This can be useful to avoid duplication..._")

Author: It depends a bit what the reader or audience is. The Prisma docs is definately a developer with database experience. Here we might have somebody with less experience a a developer just spinning up an demo app for tomorrow. As a result I wanted to spend some more words. 

Feel free to push a commit to adjust. I value the feedback but also made 6-8 commits already for a one paragraph documentation addition which was approved for three others :)
